Now I'm starting this agent and having
it run. It's going to use the
information that I provided the prompt.
It's going to form a task list here and
it's going to look across all my files
and try and figure out how to make this
fix. It's telling me the progress as it
goes, showing me the tasks and we'll
just kind of watch it do its work here.
So as I mentioned, it uses various
search tools. So this is using GP. It's
also here when it says searching
codebase is using uh codebase embedding
to do it search. Okay, it has understood
the bug and it tells you that now it's
going to start creating diffs for you.
So, one of the things that makes Warp um
uniquely powerful compared to other
terminal based coding solutions is that
this diff here, it shows in a way that
you can either accept it if you want or
you can do a couple actions to improve
it. One is you could reprompt the AI by
clicking refine or hitting command R.
That would ask it to recreate the diff
using a prompt. You can also just
directly edit it. And so, Warp has a
built-in code editor here, uh, where if
I click this edit thing, I get into an
actual editor view here. I don't need to
edit it. This is a correct, uh, this is
a correct diff. I'm going to hit apply
changes, and Warp is going to continue
to create the rest of the changes needed
to make this fix.
So, this one also looks correct to me.
So, I'm going to apply this change. Now,
I'm going to let Warp just run by
clicking the fast forward here. So, I'm
not going to manually approve every
diff. So, another nice thing about Warp
is that um you control how much autonomy
it has when you need to check in. You
can do it on a per agent basis or you
can go into settings and configure this
more generally. To get to settings, you
hit command P,
open settings, you go over to AI,
and here you can sort of choose what uh
autonomy permissions the agent has. I'm
going to go back here. Now it's fixed
the bug and it's automatically running
the uh compile command. It has verified
that it compiles. It next wants to
format it. I'm going to hit control C to
stop that and then I'm going to go ahead
and run the code and we can verify that
it's been fixed. This is one of the
things about Rust. Takes a little takes
a minute to compile. Okay, now it's
running.
And let's go ahead and verify that the
bug has been fixed. So remember this,
the bug here was that this checkbox
wasn't being honored. Now if I look
here, the model picker is gone, which is
what we want. If I click this,
the model picker comes back. So Warp
just fixed a bug purely by prompt. I got
to see exactly what it was doing. I had
a chance to edit it uh because Warp
supports code editing. It found all the
right files. It built it for me. It
checked my git status. So kind of made
it much easier to do this uh to do this
task.